
Dear Dr. Cabana:

Thank you for submitting your manuscript for publication in Chemistry of
Materials. It has been examined by expert reviewers who have concluded that
the work is of potential interest to the readership of Chemistry of
Materials; however, it appears that a major revision, possibly followed by
further reviewer evaluation, will be needed prior to its further
consideration for publication. Please see the following reviewers=E2=80=99 =
reports
for details regarding the requested changes and/or additions.

Please submit your revision on your ACS ParagonPlus homepage by
14-Mar-2017. When submitting your revised manuscript through ACS Paragon
Plus, you will be able to respond to the reviewer's comments in the text
box provided or by attaching a file containing your detailed responses.

To Revise Your Manuscript on the Web:

To revise your manuscript, log into ACS ParagonPlus at
http://paragonplus.acs.org/login and select "My Authoring Activity". There
you will find your manuscript title listed under "Revisions Requested by
Editorial Office." Your original files are available to you when you upload
your revised manuscript. If you are replacing files, please remove the old
version of the file from the manuscript before uploading the new file.

Table of Contents Graphic:  IMPORTANT: Only a TOC graphic is NOW required
(A TOC summary will no longer be needed). Place the graphic at the end of
the manuscript as the last page.  It should capture the reader=E2=80=99s at=
tention
and, in conjunction with the manuscript title, gives the reader a quick
visual impression of the essence of the paper without providing specific
results. It is also used for multiple purposes, including the document
abstract and other situations where a representative graphic is required.
It should be in the form of a structure, graph, drawing, SEM/TEM
photograph, or reaction scheme. Some of the best images are simple,
relatively free of text and technical characters, and make use of color for
visual impact. It is best to stay away from complex structure schemes and
small-sized details. Please submit a graphic in the actual size to be used
for the TOC that will fit in an area 1.4 in. high and 3.3 in. wide (3.6 cm
=C3=97 8.4 cm). Larger images will be reduced to fit within those dimension=
s.
Type size of labels, formulas, or numbers within the graphic must be
legible. Tables or spectra are not acceptable.   Please visit the
Guidelines for Table of Contents/Abstract Graphics for more information and
examples http://pubs.acs.org/userimages/ContentEditor/
1218639294411/cmatex_tocguide.pdf

Just Accepted Manuscripts (JAMs): Please note that if you have selected
"Yes" for the Just Accepted Manuscript option during the submission and/or
revision process, the accepted version of your manuscript will be posted as
a JAM on the ACS Web site as is, without any revisions or corrections by
the editorial office. The format, appearance, and content are the sole
responsibility of the author(s).  A Just Accepted manuscript cannot be
revised once it is posted to the Web. However, errors may be corrected by
the author while reviewing the Manuscript Galley Proofs before the article
appears on the Web as an ASAP Article or as part of a journal issue.

On resubmission, please provide 2 copies of the final manuscript file:

a) The final revised manuscript file that does not contain any highlighting
or editing marks. This file should be uploaded as the primary manuscript
document file.

b) A marked copy of the revised manuscript that shows changes made on
revision clearly highlighted. This file should be uploaded as Supporting
Information for Review.

Supporting Information: If the manuscript is accompanied by any supporting
information for publication, a brief description of the supplementary
material is required in the manuscript. The appropriate format is:
Supporting Information. Brief statement in nonsentence format listing the
contents of the material supplied as Supporting Information.

Funding Sources: Authors are required to report ALL funding sources and
grant/award numbers relevant to this manuscript. Enter all sources of
funding for ALL authors relevant to this manuscript in BOTH the Open Funder
Registry tool in ACS Paragon Plus and in the manuscript to meet this
requirement. See http://pubs.acs.org/page/4authors/funder_options.html for
complete instructions.

ORCID: Authors submitting manuscript revisions are required to provide
their own validated ORCID iDs before completing the submission, if an ORCID
iD is not already associated with their ACS Paragon Plus user profiles.
This iD may be provided during original manuscript submission or when
submitting the manuscript revision. You can provide only your own ORCID iD,
a unique researcher identifier. If your ORCID iD is not already validated
and associated with your ACS Paragon Plus user profile, you may do so by
following the ORCID-related links in the Email/Name section of your ACS
Paragon Plus account. All authors are encouraged to register for and
associate their own ORCID iDs with their ACS Paragon Plus profiles. The
ORCID iD will be displayed in the published article for any author on a
manuscript who has a validated ORCID iD associated with ACS Paragon Plus
when the manuscript is accepted. Learn more at http://www.orcid.org.

References: All references should include the title of the work being cited
(in title case format) and the full page range. See http://pubs.acs.org/
paragonplus/submission/cmatex/cmatex_reference_guidelines.pdf

ACS Publications uses CrossCheck's iThenticate software to detect instances
of similarity in submitted manuscripts. In publishing only original
research, ACS is committed to deterring plagiarism, including
self-plagiarism. Your manuscript may be screened for similarity to
published material.

Thank you for considering Chemistry of Materials as a forum for the
publication of your work.

With sincere regards,

M. Rosa Palac=C3=ADn
Editor, Chemistry of Materials
Institut de Ciencia de Materials de Barcelona
Fax: 202 354 5290
Email: palacin-office@cm.acs.org

FOR ASSISTANCE WITH YOUR MANUSCRIPT SUBMISSION PLEASE CONTACT:

ACS Publications Customer Services & Information (CSI)
Email: support@services.acs.org
Phone: 202-872-4357
Toll Free Phone: 800-227-9919 (USA/Canada only)

------------------------------------

Reviewer(s)' Comments to Author:

Reviewer: 1

Recommendation: Publish after major revision.

Comments:
This paper summaries the recent progress in applying the state-of-the-art
synchrotron X-ray imaging analytical methods to the study of material
chemistry associated with batteries. This paper could be valuable for the
research in battery community. However, the organization of the paper
should be greatly improved:
1.      The introduction of instrumentation occupies more than half length
of the text, and should be greatly shortened.
2.      The examples of applications should be better categorized. For
example, they can be divided into anode and cathode (or full cell =E2=80=A6=
), or
categorized based on the nature of the probed problems according to the
three parameters described by the authors.


Additional Questions:
Do you consider the subject matter of this manuscript suitable for
publication in Chemistry of Materials?: Yes

Do you feel that these findings represent a significant advance in the
field of materials chemistry?: Yes

Please rate the relevance to chemistry and material science (5 - High / 1 -
Low): 5

Please rate the overall quality and completeness (5 - High / 1 - Low): 3

Please rate the originality and significance (5 - High / 1 - Low): 3

Please rate the quality, clarity, and conciseness (5 - High / 1 - Low): 3

Please rate the quality and appropriate use of figures, tables, etc. (5 -
High / 1 - Low): 3

Conclusions are adequately supported by the data:

Satisfactory nomenclature is used:

Hazards are adequately described:

Appropriate referencing is provided:


Reviewer: 2

Recommendation: Publish after major revision.

Comments:
1)      This appears to be a review paper with only 65 references. Given
the amount of recent work in this area, then the paper would be improved if
more literature should be considered.
2)      There is no mention of tomography applied to Zn based batteries
such as Zn-Air and Zn-Ni.
3)      There is little discussion of in-operando radiography. In
particular there is no mention of the paper by Shearing et al on the direct
radiography imaging of batteries undergoing extreme failure in Nature Comm.

In summary, while the paper presents interesting data related to 3D
tomography based imaging, it would be strengthened by a more complete
discussion of the relevant literature

Additional Questions:
Do you consider the subject matter of this manuscript suitable for
publication in Chemistry of Materials?: Yes

Do you feel that these findings represent a significant advance in the
field of materials chemistry?: Yes

Please rate the relevance to chemistry and material science (5 - High / 1 -
Low): 4

Please rate the overall quality and completeness (5 - High / 1 - Low): 3

Please rate the originality and significance (5 - High / 1 - Low): 3

Please rate the quality, clarity, and conciseness (5 - High / 1 - Low): 3

Please rate the quality and appropriate use of figures, tables, etc. (5 -
High / 1 - Low): 4

Conclusions are adequately supported by the data: Yes

Satisfactory nomenclature is used: Yes

Hazards are adequately described: N/A

Appropriate referencing is provided: No


------------
PLEASE NOTE: This email message, including any attachments, contains
confidential information related to peer review and is intended solely for
the personal use of the recipient(s) named above. No part of this
communication or any related attachments may be shared with or disclosed to
any third party or organization without the explicit prior written consent
of the journal Editor and ACS. If the reader of this message is not the
intended recipient or is not responsible for delivering it to the intended
recipient, you have received this communication in error. Please notify the
sender immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message. Thank you.
